## 1. The difference between an operating system and middleware is, according to the textbook, that “they rely upon different underlying providers of lower-level services. An operating system provides the services in its API by making use of the features supported by the hardware… middleware, on the other hand, provides the services in its API by making use of the features supported by an underlying operating system” (Hailperin 6).
## 2. The relationship between threads and processes is that, according to the textbook, “the process is a container that holds the thread or threads that you started running and protects them from unwanted interactions with other unrelated threads running on the same computer” (Hailperin 10).
## 3. Of all the topics previewed in chapter one of the textbook, the one we are most looking forward to learning more about is the topic of security. In the era of leaks and allegations of compromised elections, security seems to be an issue that is much needed and is very prominent in many situations.
## 4a. 2101 milliseconds
## 4b. 2170 milliseconds
## 4c. The first one is more efficient, because even though on paper the second one is running concurrently, it takes longer to finish because of the cost of switching. If the switches were faster, it would be a different story.
## 5. The sleeping thread can print its periodic messages while the main thread is waiting for its input. Yes the main thread can read input, kill the main thread, and print out a message.
## 6. The order T1-T2-T3 had the shortest average turnaround time, and the scheduling policy that produces this order is Shortest Job First.
